## **Risk Disclosure Statement**

**Important: Using Acronym's self-custody wallet (“Vault”) involves significant risks. Please read this statement carefully before using the Wallet. The Acronym Wallet is a self-custody solution. You have complete control over your digital tokens and their associated private keys. Acronym does not hold your digital tokens or your private keys.  If you lose your seed phrase or it is stolen, you will permanently lose access to your digital tokens. Acronym cannot recover lost or stolen seed phrases.**



1. **Digital Tokens Market Risk:** Market prices for Digital Tokens can be volatile and highly unpredictable. Whether the future market price for a Digital Token will move up or down or even sustain a market value is speculation and unknowable. Acronym makes no representations or warranties about whether a Digital Token will always continue to trade in the Digital Token trading market. Any Digital Token is subject to delisting without prior notice at the sole discretion of Acronym.
2. **Risk of self-custody:** Acronym's self-custody wallet, known as the "Vaults," presents several risks, including user error, you are responsible for your private keys, and any mistakes can lead to asset loss; device security, since Vaults are accessed through personal devices which, if compromised, can expose private keys; complexity, as users must understand and manage their security; and the risk of interacting with third-party software or services. Acronym mitigates these risks by implementing robust security measures such as encryption, access controls, regular penetration testing, educational resources, and transaction monitoring for suspicious activity. Despite these measures, the inherent risks of self-custody mean that users must be vigilant and knowledgeable about managing their digital assets.
3. **Legal Risk:** The legality of digital tokens, their trading, their leveraging, or their trading or leveraging on behalf of others may not be clear and may vary under the laws of different jurisdictions worldwide. This can mean that the legality of holding or trading Digital Tokens, entering into related leverage transactions, or engaging in the foregoing on behalf of others is only sometimes clear. Whether and on what basis a Digital Token may constitute property, an asset, or a right of any kind and what may constitute lawful leverage provision might vary from one jurisdiction to another. You are responsible for knowing and understanding how the laws applicable to you or your property, rights, or assets or to lending address, limit, regulate, and tax the Digital Tokens you trade, the leverage you provide, or the trading or funding in a Delegated Subaccount.
4. **Risks of Commingling:** The Fiat and Digital Tokens transferred from the custody wallet into your main account for trading purposes, including any Digital Tokens Wallet and any subaccount, may be blended with Fiat and Digital Tokens of other users of the Site and with Fiat and Digital Tokens of Acronym and its Affiliates. Transferring your Fiat or Digital Tokens into your Account exposes your Fiat and Digital Tokens to risks of total loss from, among other things, security breaches from cyber attacks that hack and steal Fiat or Digital Tokens, electronic or technological failures that impede or prevent market access and market performance, recordkeeping errors, and any insolvency, bankruptcy, or material financial losses of or incurred by Acronym or any of its Affiliates.
5. **Risk of Account Freeze:** Acronym may freeze your Account, including any Digital Tokens Wallet and any subaccount, if you are believed to be engaged in suspicious activity or breaching any of the Terms of Service. If your Account is frozen, you cannot trade or make transfers to or from it, which may result in the closure of your open orders.
6. **Tax Risk:** As a user of our platform, you must ensure that applicable taxes, duties, and fees associated with activities conducted through your Account are paid promptly. You must also assume responsibility for all taxes, including interest and penalties, which may be assessed under current or future laws concerning your Account. Additionally, it is incumbent upon you to report any proceeds of sale transactions and dividends paid through your Account to the Internal Revenue Service in accordance with the relevant legal stipulations.

     Our platform does not provide tax advice. As such, it is incumbent upon you to determine the tax implications associated with your use of the Platform and any transactions you may conduct through it. We strongly advise that you seek advice from a qualified accountant, lawyer, or tax authority in your jurisdiction to determine any tax consequences that may arise.
